src/content/docs/en/guide/dev-loop.mdx, before:

---
title: Accelerating Local DevLoop
description: Aether Lens's Local DevLoop support features that shorten development cycles by milliseconds.
---

# Local DevLoop Acceleration

In modern development, the biggest bottleneck is the "lag between rewriting and verification." Aether Lens utilizes AI analysis and a fast feedback loop to shorten this cycle to the extreme.

## Execution Infrastructure on Aether Platform Native

As part of the Aether Platform, Aether Lens natively leverages a powerful cloud execution environment.

- **LensDaemon**: A service that manages the monitoring and execution lifecycle. It synchronizes with the platform to optimize resources.
- **Browserless Orchestrator**: Works with the sidecar environment on the platform to execute heavy rendering processes and multi-device verification in parallel on the cloud.
- **Smart Debouncing**: Provides smooth feedback to developers even with fast edits, while reducing the load on the platform side.

## Automated Pipeline

1. **Code Edit**: Developer saves a file.
2. **AI Vibe Check**: AI determines the "intent" and "risk" of changes in seconds.
3. **Execution**: Automatically runs a minimum set of tests (Visual / Command).
4. **Insight Feed**: Aggregates analysis results and execution status into the CLI summary panel.

### 🕒 A Day in the Life with Vibe Coding

Let's simulate a typical day of development with Aether Lens.

- **09:00**: Tweak button design. Lens instantly generates `Mobile` and `Tablet` screenshots. Detects "Padding issue" notification.
- **10:30**: Refactor complex authentication logic. Lens applies `Backend Strategy` in the background, automatically selecting and running relevant test cases.
- **14:00**: Create a pull request for a new feature. Lens shares verification results with the PR Agent via `A2A Context`.

---

## Troubleshooting

| Incident | Cause | Solution |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **Slow tests** | Too many browser instances running | Switch `browser_strategy` to `docker` or `kubernetes`. |
| **Diff not detected** | Included in `.gitignore` | Check the `excludes` in `aether-lens.config.json`. |
| **Inappropriate AI response** | Lack of context | Set `strategy` to `custom` and add `custom_instruction`. |

---

## Quick Start

### 1. Installation

Using `uv` allows for fast and clean dependency resolution.

```bash
uv pip install -e . --system
```

### 2. Initial Setup

Select a strategy that suits your project interactively.

```bash
aether-lens-cli init
```

### 3. Start LIVE Monitoring

As soon as you start `watch` mode, the Local DevLoop begins.

```bash
aether-lens-cli . --watch
```

### 4. Running Test Suites (One-Shot Execution)

To run a full verification once without watch mode, execute the command without flags. This is ideal for CI/CD pipelines or a final check before committing.

```bash
aether-lens-cli .
```

Aether Lens checks project configuration files (like `package.json`, `pyproject.toml`) to automatically detect and run the optimal test runner (Jest, Vitest, Pytest).

> [!TIP]
> **Running All Tests**
> To force execution of all tests, including those unrelated to current changes, use the `--all` flag.
> ```bash
> aether-lens-cli . --all
> ```

> [!NOTE]
> **Monitoring the entire workspace**
> By specifying a target directory (e.g., `./sample`), you can also monitor only specific microservices or components.

Commit message:

feat: MCPとNPUを活用した自律的なLens Loopとバックグラウンド検証の概念をドキュメントとUIに導入しました

src/content/docs/en/guide/dev-loop.mdx, after:

---
title: Accelerating Local DevLoop
description: Aether Lens's Local DevLoop support features that shorten development cycles by milliseconds.
---

# Local DevLoop Acceleration

In modern development, the biggest bottleneck is the "lag between rewriting and verification." Aether Lens utilizes AI analysis and a fast feedback loop to shorten this cycle to the extreme.

## Execution Infrastructure on Aether Platform Native

As part of the Aether Platform, Aether Lens natively leverages a powerful cloud execution environment.

- **LensDaemon**: A service that manages the monitoring and execution lifecycle. It synchronizes with the platform to optimize resources.
- **Browserless Orchestrator**: Works with the sidecar environment on the platform to execute heavy rendering processes and multi-device verification in parallel on the cloud.
- **Smart Debouncing**: Provides smooth feedback to developers even with fast edits, while reducing the load on the platform side.

## Automated Pipeline

1. **Code Edit**: Developer saves a file.
2. **AI Vibe Check**: AI determines the "intent" and "risk" of changes in seconds.
3. **Execution**: Automatically runs a minimum set of tests (Visual / Command).
4. **Insight Feed**: Aggregates analysis results and execution status into the CLI summary panel.

### 🕒 A Day in the Life with Vibe Coding

Let's simulate a typical day of development with Aether Lens.

- **09:00**: Tweak button design. Lens instantly generates `Mobile` and `Tablet` screenshots. Detects "Padding issue" notification.
- **10:30**: Refactor complex authentication logic. Lens applies `Backend Strategy` in the background, automatically selecting and running relevant test cases.
- **14:00**: Create a pull request for a new feature. Lens shares verification results with the PR Agent via `A2A Context`.

---

## Troubleshooting

| Incident | Cause | Solution |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **Slow tests** | Too many browser instances running | Switch `browser_strategy` to `docker` or `kubernetes`. |
| **Diff not detected** | Included in `.gitignore` | Check the `excludes` in `aether-lens.config.json`. |
| **Inappropriate AI response** | Lack of context | Set `strategy` to `custom` and add `custom_instruction`. |

---

## Quick Start

### 1. Installation

Using `uv` allows for fast and clean dependency resolution.

```bash
uv pip install -e . --system
```

### 2. Initial Setup

Select a strategy that suits your project interactively.

```bash
aether-lens-cli init
```

### 3. Start LIVE Monitoring

As soon as you start `watch` mode, the Local DevLoop begins.

```bash
aether-lens-cli . --watch
```

### 4. Running Test Suites (One-Shot Execution)

To run a full verification once without watch mode, execute the command without flags. This is ideal for CI/CD pipelines or a final check before committing.

```bash
aether-lens-cli .
```

Aether Lens checks project configuration files (like `package.json`, `pyproject.toml`) to automatically detect and run the optimal test runner (Jest, Vitest, Pytest).

---

## 🔁 Lens Loop (Continuous Verification)

**Lens Loop** is a high-speed feedback loop provided by the Aether Lens CLI, with **MCP (Model Context Protocol)** as its core interface. Autonomous verification repeats "in the background" without the developer needing to be aware of it.

### How it Works (Background Loop)
1. **Watch & Execute**: The moment a file is saved, the CLI starts verification in the background, without taking over the developer's terminal.
2. **MCP Context**: Execution results, screenshots, and logs are automatically streamed as MCP resources.
3. **Shadow Collaboration**: AI agents (like Antigravity) constantly monitor the background state via MCP and suggest fixes on the spot if issues arise.

### Configuration
Customize the behavior in the `dev_loop` section of `aether-lens.config.json`.

```json
{
  "dev_loop": {
    "auto_verify": true,
    "browser_targets": ["desktop", "mobile"]
  }
}
```

> [!TIP]
> **Using in K8s Environments**:
> By setting `browser_strategy: "remote"`, you can run the loop using the Aether Platform infrastructure in the cloud instead of consuming local machine resources.

> [!NOTE]
> **Monitoring the entire workspace**
> By specifying a target directory (e.g., `./sample`), you can also monitor only specific microservices or components.
